#1. How many types of browsers available in webdriver
IE, Safari, chrome, FireFox

#2. Can we run the parallel testing without TestNG
Yes I guess using Junit we can do parallel testing as Junit has it's own annotations 

What is serialisation and Deserialization in Rest assured

What is spec builders
What are the packages you have used in Rest assured
Some basic questions of framework and oops implementation in it 


- Abstraction & where it is used in your project ?
- Diff between Abstract class & interface ?


###How many times you can write catch block ?- 
Every try block should have a atlease one catch block 

We can add multiple catch block to single try block if more that one type of expection need to handle

becasue there will be more expection such as TimeOut expection, IO expection, File Not found expection, array Out of bound expection

So we can handle those using different catch 

Every try catch block not have a finally - if we want to excuete something after exception comes then need to write finally block
Finally block always excutes even exception comes


Can we declare many interfaces object class inside the interface class 


What is difference between assert and verify.


SQL where clause, aggregation, group.

###Difference between break and continue statement.
Break - break the loop stop the excutions 
Continue - Continue the loop even some condition check



###What will you do if after release of software the particular thing working fine but in one day after release it is not working what action will you take on this?
Reproduce the problem.
Analyze the problem
How old is it?
What is the impact?
Prioritize the problem
Fix and deploy 
Analysing the root cause 



5. Request method In Postman - 

6. How you cover end to end API Testing 

8. Why Selenium?

How to customize the complexity in testing

How to prioritise testcase

Difference between list and set

Difference between static and non static methods

How to write xpath of column 'b' value using column 'a' text

About Maven - clean build
3) write a program for getting sample word which is in this order
Sample
Sampl
Samp
Sam
Sa
S

6) what is the difference between data abstraction and encapsulation where you have implemented in your project.


